You scum you let go
daughter
What a poor daughter
Are you a person?
Xueqing trusts you so much, so you toss him like this
Go
Okay, Xueqing's illness has entered
You really take us for fools, don't you?
You made these two gestures.
Is Xueqing's illness cured?
What kind of life did you live in your house?
You don't even think of me as my brother. Get out of here
To prevent me from treating our daughter
Ha ha.
Nonsense, I have been treating diseases like this since I was a child
If rural people are rural people
High-profile god, hahaha.
You will not understand my methods
I said it's fine
Xueqing will wake up soon
Leave this dream
If you can really cure it
I'll give you something to kneel down and kowtow to
Too bad he can't get better and he should die, you two
If you want to eat well, you have to kill him yourself
Great, what's not good?
How can it be cured?
Isn't it bad enough?
Just deliberately blocked us from saving our daughter
Security guard
I'm taking this guy out
Wow
Where is this?
Why do you feel like you slept for a long time?